docs: Add Kotlin math term atan (#3610)
Codecademy/docs: content/kotlin/concepts/math-methods/terms/atan/atan.md

---
Title: 'atan()'
Description: 'Returns the arc tangent of a value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundation'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.atan()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class is used to calculate the arc tangent of a value. It returns the value of the angle in the range from -PI/2 to PI/2 radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`atan()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class is used to calculate the arc tangent of a value. It returns the value of the angle in the range from *-PI/2* to *PI/2* radians.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
atan(x)
```

- `x`: The number for which the arc tangent is to be calculated.

> The `.atan()` method returns a value of type `double` or `float` depending also on the type of the input respectively. There is a special case of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `atan()` method returns a value of type `double` or `float` depending also on the type of the input respectively. If the argument passed is `NaN`, the method will return `NaN`.
```

> - `atan(NaN)` is NaN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Example

> This example shows how to use the `.atan()` method to calculate the arc tangent of `90.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to use the `atan()` method to calculate the arc tangent of `90.0`:
```

```kotlin
import kotlin.math.*

fun main(){

>     println(arctan(90.0))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    println(atan(90.0))
```

---
Title: 'atan()'
Description: 'Returns the arc tangent of a value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundation'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-kotlin'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.atan()`** method in Kotlin's `math` class is used to calculate the arc tangent of a value. It returns the value of the angle in the range from -PI/2 to PI/2 radians.

## Syntax

```pseudo
atan(x)
```

> - x: One of the two numbers whose hypotenuse is to be calculated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `x`: The number for which the arc tangent is to be calculated.
```

The `.atan()` method returns a value of type `double` or `float` depending also on the type of the input respectively. There is a special case of:

> - atan(NaN) is NaN

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `atan(NaN)` is NaN
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra blank line.
